# eatster2022 #PHP #MySQL #Apache #HTML #CSS #xamp

This database mainly is for owners and managers of a restaurant to analysis the current situation of availability of eateries, revenue generated etc. Customers can order any of the available food in the restaurant. In our database we store the categories of food available currently at our restaurant with various food within each category. List of orders, analysis of most frequently ordered food, which customer ordered the most, and export the data to an excel sheet for further processes. The total revenue generated from the orders is also shown. The access to update the database is only with admins. Through this admins can update eateries currently available, quantity of them present, access information and use it strategically.

Online food order management system is a software used to ease the managers of restaurant. Most of the restaurant face the problem of management various deeds. This Software and database is sold to restaurants so that they can manage the foods, orders and revenue. It is mostly designed for a single restaurant having various food items at valuable food price. Imagine a situation where manager needs to keep on asking workers for the amount of food available, no. of orders and total revenue generated. There might be some chances of scamming too. But now with the help of our database he/she can get all information easily and use it strategically.
It’s a system to reduce efforts of customers and managers of a restaurant by creating a live database.
